Add Netgear speed test info (#22819)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/netgear.markdown

In order for these entities to display the data (instead of 0), the "Traffic Meter" should be enabled in the router settings.
Log into your router > Select **ADVANCED** > **Advanced Setup** > **Traffic Meter** > **Enable Traffic Meter** check box.

### Speed test data

> The `Average Ping`, `Downlink Bandwidth` and `Uplink Bandwidth` can be tracked by perfoming a speedtest every 30 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Average Ping`, `Downlink Bandwidth` and `Uplink Bandwidth` can be tracked by performing a speedtest every 30 minutes.
```

> The `Average Ping`, `Downlink Bandwidth` and `Uplink Bandwidth` can be tracked by performing a speedtest every 30 minutes.

Reviewer 2: Those terms are not code and should not be code fenced for that reason.

Author: I changed it, thanks

If these sensor entities are enabled they will first show as Unknown since the first speed test does only happen 30 minutes after the integration loads, previous results will be restored on subsequent restarts.

> The speed test intervall is chosen to be 30 minutes to not put unnesesarry load on the network.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The "Average Ping", "Downlink Bandwidth" and "Uplink Bandwidth" can be tracked by performing a speed test every 30 minutes.
If these sensor entities are enabled they will first show as Unknown since the first speed test does only happen 30 minutes after the integration loads, previous results will be restored on subsequent restarts.
The speed test interval is chosen to be 30 minutes to not put unnecessary load on the network.
```
